This is the help screen. Press F2 to return to play. While playing you
can click any object for help.

You are the white square at the top left corner of the screen. You can
move in any of the four compass directions using the arrow keys,
numeric keypad, or the letters H, J, K, and L. You cannot move
diagonally, but some enemies can.

You are armed with a paint-absorbent hockey puck. The puck can pick up
color from blocks and transfer it to other objects.

Press CONTROL-direction to fire the puck in that direction. The
current paint color is shown near the bottom of the screen along with
the current level number and number of chevrons remaining.

Press ALT-direction to drop a "chevron" pointed in that
direction. Chevrons are arrows that change the direction of the puck
and some enemies. You must find chevron refills on the ground, they
look like tiny white diamonds. Each diamond gets you five chevrons,
and you can hold a maximum of ten.

You cannot shoot enemies; instead, use chevrons to guide the enemies
into the Black Holes (black squares with white borders.) The puck will
be destroyed if it hits a red wire or a black hole, so be careful
where you fire. You will also die instantly if you touch any of these
things, or are hit by any attack or projectile. When you die, the game
is over, and you can press ESCAPE to start over at level 1, or
CONTROL-Q to quit.

To get a new puck, pick up one of the letter P's that litter the
environment. Be careful, if you are already holding a puck, the one
you pick up is wasted.

To clear a level, one must defeat all the enemies, and use the paint
puck to open the coded lock that blocks the exit to the next
level. (The exit is the red and black X.)  These goals may be
completed in either order. The game generates boards of increasing
difficulty as you clear them, and there is no win-condition at all;
you just keep playing until you die.
